The Champion -  Undisputed Champion of the World - wears the TITLE

Number One Contender - The challenger with a contract for a Title shot.

World Championship Title - The highest prestige. IT IS NEVER CALLED A BELT

The Ring -- A Squared Circle. Action must take place inside of the ring, at The Referee's discretion. The following rules apply mostly to singles competition i.e. a one-on-one match.

Ropes - Action must take place within the ropes of the ring. The Referee will count out competitors outside of the ring or in contact with the ropes.

Rope break - When a competitor touches the ropes or is under them, they are entitled to escape from holds and strikes (up to a 5 count) and Falls (immediately)

Fall - Usually a victory condition for a match.

Pinfall - A type of Fall. Cover with both shoulders down, 3 count by ref.

Submission - A type of Fall. Usually a painful hold. Competitor "taps out" or verbally forfeits. If a competitor is rendered unconscious by a submission hold, they are assumed to have forfeited and the Referee will check before calling the match.

Disqualification - The Referee can disqualify a competitor at their discretion (5 count to obey).

Countout - If a competitor is in contact with the ropes or outside of the ring or on the ropes, The Referee will initiate a 10 count and call the match if a competitor does not return.

Interference - When a non-scheduled competitor participates during another's competition. - In A vs B, C interferes by impeding A, B will be Disqualified, and A will be declared winner "by Disqualification"

"The Following Contest is Scheduled for..."

ONE FALL - a competitor scores a pinfall or submission victory

BATTLE ROYALE - a multi-competitor event - eliminated by being forced out of the ring

GAUNTLET - a consecutive series of singles matches. The winner faces the next challenger, etc

TITLE MATCH - Title shot by challenger- Title defense by champion

Champion's Advantage - The Champion can only "drop" the title to pinfall or submission. They will retain the Title even if they lose the match to Disqualification or Countout

Pageantry - "Gorilla Position," up Aisle, to Stage, to Ring. Always with music.

Gorilla Position - Behind the curtain, ready to enter when music hits

Promo - "Promotion" - Monologue. Always with microphone.

This world takes place in a time where there are lights and microphones, radio transmissions but not video transmissions. Film and projectors may be a new technology. But it is a timeless place -- maybe modern forms of music make their way into the ring....
